Donate to Endowed Scholarships - Society of Women Engineers Skip to content Have questions about SWE programs, events or resources? Try asking Enginuity! Diverse Podcast All Together SWE Magazine Career Center Diverse Podcast All Together SWE Magazine Career Center Facebook X Green Vector Linkedin Instagram Youtube Chat with Enginuity Now! Search ... Results See all results about About SWE About SWE SWE Learning Headquarters Staff SWE in the News Careers 75th Anniversary SWE: From Then to Now sweSwag Store Public Policy Grants & Foundation Supporters DIVERSE: A SWE Podcast All Together Blog SWE Magazine SWE DEI&B Resources SWE Research SWE Around the World Brand Guidelines Privacy Policy Governance Governance Update Board of Directors Board of Trustees Directorate and Working Group Contacts Finance Committee Nominating Directorate Senate Directorate Resource Center Integrated Marketing Advisory Board Volunteer Opportunities Dashboard Resources Chat with Enginuity Now SWE Celebrates Turning 75! Since its founding in 1950, SWE has grown to over 50,000 members and continues to advocate for greater gender equity and diversity. Learn More sweSWAG Visit the sweSwag store to get your gear on. Learn More membership Membership Renew Your Membership Become a Member Collegiate Membership Professional Membership Educator Membership Life Member, Retired or Unemployed Membership Friend of SWE Member Resources Advance Learning Center Affinity Groups Free Patent Academy Member Offers and Discounts Member Portal Member Promotion Toolkits Membership Statistics Mentoring Sections and Affiliates Workplace Groups Section & Affiliate Resources Billhighway Brand Guidelines Community College Logo Downloads Global Affiliates Section Leadership Section & Affiliate Start Up Section / Affiliate Website Signup Section & Affiliate Resource Hub Affinity Groups The SWE Affinity Groups (AGs) mission is to bring together communities with similar interests and backgrounds supporting the diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I) strategic goals of SWE. Join today! Join SWE Today Click here to access or create an account! scholarships Scholarships Scholarships Scholarships by Section Society Selected Scholarships Apply for a SWE Scholarship Donate to SWE Scholarships Volunteer Scholarship Knowledge Base Celebrate 65 Years of SWE Scholarships programs Precollege Programs SWENext SWENext Clubs SWENext Influencers SWENext Resources SWENext Awards SWENext Connect SWENext High School Leadership Academy (SHLA) Constance & Nano Comics STEM Pathways Adult Advocates Educators Outreach Toolkit Youth Protection Professional Programs SWE Learning Digital Credentialing Mentoring Advance Learning Center Academic Leadership for Women in Engineering (ALWE) Collegiate Leadership Institute (CLI) Leadership Development Program (LDP) SWE Leadership Competency Model Ignite Leadership Program Return to Work Cohort Global Programs About SWE Global Programs Global Ambassadors eXXec 2026 - June 8-10, 2026 eXXec is created to empower women engineers to effect greater change within their organization. Learn More Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Products At SWE, we acknowledge and respect the value of a diverse community. Learn More Speaking With SWE Are you interested in hosting or developing a professional development session? Learn More events SWE Conferences WE Conference Past and Future WE Conferences WE Local Conferences SWE Group Led Events Upcoming Events Calendar SWE Group Events Tracker awards SWE Awards Program Open January 1 - March 1. The Society of Women Engineers strives to advance and honor the contributions of women at all stages of their careers as well as recognize the successes of SWE members and individuals who enhance the engineering profession through contributions to industry, education and the community. Learn More Awards About Awards SWE Awards Program SWE Recognition Program Collegiate Competitions SWENext Awards WE Local Awards Certificates of Merit or Achievement partner Partner Why Partner With SWE Corporate Councils Conference Partnerships & Recruitment Services Packages Advertising / Branding Scholarships Professional Development Pre-University & University Programming DEI&B Products & Services Corporate Social Responsibility Corporate Partnership Council STEM Reentry Task Force Program Development Grants Why Partner With SWE As a partner, you can help support critical outreach programs and initiatives that reinforce diversity programming to aid the recruitment, advancement and success of women engineers. Your support at any level is a vital part of the work we do to empower women at all stages of their education and career. Become a partner! Learn More Visit our Mediakit SWE members can be found in over 400 professional and collegiate sections in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. With a variety of sponsorships and advertising options, SWE offers distinguished opportunities to reach your target audience. Learn More donate Donate to SWE HQ Donate to Endowed Scholarships login logout MENU Search ... Results See all results about About SWE About SWE SWE Learning Headquarters Staff SWE in the News Careers 75th Anniversary SWE: From Then to Now sweSwag Store Public Policy Grants & Foundation Supporters DIVERSE: A SWE Podcast All Together Blog SWE Magazine SWE DEI&B Resources SWE Research SWE Around the World Brand Guidelines Privacy Policy Governance Governance Update Board of Directors Board of Trustees Directorate and Working Group Contacts Finance Committee Nominating Directorate Senate Directorate Resource Center Integrated Marketing Advisory Board Volunteer Opportunities Dashboard Resources Chat with Enginuity Now SWE Celebrates Turning 75! Since its founding in 1950, SWE has grown to over 50,000 members and continues to advocate for greater gender equity and diversity. Learn More sweSWAG Visit the sweSwag store to get your gear on. Learn More membership Membership Renew Your Membership Become a Member Collegiate Membership Professional Membership Educator Membership Life Member, Retired or Unemployed Membership Friend of SWE Member Resources Advance Learning Center Affinity Groups Free Patent Academy Member Offers and Discounts Member Portal Member Promotion Toolkits Membership Statistics Mentoring Sections and Affiliates Workplace Groups Section & Affiliate Resources Billhighway Brand Guidelines Community College Logo Downloads Global Affiliates Section Leadership Section & Affiliate Start Up Section / Affiliate Website Signup Section & Affiliate Resource Hub Affinity Groups The SWE Affinity Groups (AGs) mission is to bring together communities with similar interests and backgrounds supporting the diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I) strategic goals of SWE. Join today! Join SWE Today Click here to access or create an account! scholarships Scholarships Scholarships Scholarships by Section Society Selected Scholarships Apply for a SWE Scholarship Donate to SWE Scholarships Volunteer Scholarship Knowledge Base Celebrate 65 Years of SWE Scholarships programs Precollege Programs SWENext SWENext Clubs SWENext Influencers SWENext Resources SWENext Awards SWENext Connect SWENext High School Leadership Academy (SHLA) Constance & Nano Comics STEM Pathways Adult Advocates Educators Outreach Toolkit Youth Protection Professional Programs SWE Learning Digital Credentialing Mentoring Advance Learning Center Academic Leadership for Women in Engineering (ALWE) Collegiate Leadership Institute (CLI) Leadership Development Program (LDP) SWE Leadership Competency Model Ignite Leadership Program Return to Work Cohort Global Programs About SWE Global Programs Global Ambassadors eXXec 2026 - June 8-10, 2026 eXXec is created to empower women engineers to effect greater change within their organization. Learn More Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Products At SWE, we acknowledge and respect the value of a diverse community. Learn More Speaking With SWE Are you interested in hosting or developing a professional development session? Learn More events SWE Conferences WE Conference Past and Future WE Conferences WE Local Conferences SWE Group Led Events Upcoming Events Calendar SWE Group Events Tracker awards SWE Awards Program Open January 1 - March 1. The Society of Women Engineers strives to advance and honor the contributions of women at all stages of their careers as well as recognize the successes of SWE members and individuals who enhance the engineering profession through contributions to industry, education and the community. Learn More Awards About Awards SWE Awards Program SWE Recognition Program Collegiate Competitions SWENext Awards WE Local Awards Certificates of Merit or Achievement partner Partner Why Partner With SWE Corporate Councils Conference Partnerships & Recruitment Services Packages Advertising / Branding Scholarships Professional Development Pre-University & University Programming DEI&B Products & Services Corporate Social Responsibility Corporate Partnership Council STEM Reentry Task Force Program Development Grants Why Partner With SWE As a partner, you can help support critical outreach programs and initiatives that reinforce diversity programming to aid the recruitment, advancement and success of women engineers. Your support at any level is a vital part of the work we do to empower women at all stages of their education and career. Become a partner! Learn More Visit our Mediakit SWE members can be found in over 400 professional and collegiate sections in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. With a variety of sponsorships and advertising options, SWE offers distinguished opportunities to reach your target audience. Learn More donate Donate to SWE HQ Donate to Endowed Scholarships login logout Other SWE Properties WE Local WE25 Conference All Together SWE Magazine STEM Reentry Task Force Constance and Nano eXXec SWE Media Kit Research A4E Chat with Enginuity Now! Empower the Next Generation of Students in Engineering Scholarships In the 2024-2025 academic year alone, SWE disbursed 328 new and renewed scholarships valued at nearly $1.5 million, making a significant impact on the lives of aspiring engineers. Your contribution to SWE’s scholarship program is crucial in maintaining and expanding one of the largest scholarship programs of its kind. By supporting this program's scholarships, you help SWE achieve these goals: Empower Future Leaders Your donations and sponsorships help identify and financially support outstanding students in their pursuit of engineering degrees at all stages of collegiate study. Diversify the STEM Workforce Assistance provided to the scholarship program helps us address the critical, ever-growing need to fill the engineering and technology pipeline. Promote Engineering Careers Contributions enable us to reach students from high school through graduate study levels and promote the exciting opportunities available in engineering. Thinking about sponsoring a scholarship? Discover how your support drives meaningful impact. SWE simplifies the process for both students and sponsors, ensuring your contribution reaches high-potential scholars in engineering and technology. Download the Flyer SWE Legacy Endowed Scholarship Since 1950, SWE has continued its support of the next generation of engineers and innovators. Now, you have the opportunity to continue that legacy. The SWE Legacy Endowed Scholarship provides essential financial support to students pursuing degrees in engineering, technology, and computer science. Your contribution doesn’t just fund a scholarship—it opens doors, creates opportunities, and helps future engineers thrive. Every donation ensures that talented students have the resources they need to succeed. Join us in making education more accessible and shaping the future of engineering. Donate > The Impact of SWE Scholarships on Recipient Retention in Engineering & Computer Science Learn More How You Can Help Make a Donation Every contribution helps support the education and career development of women engineers. Your donation directly funds scholarships that can make a profound difference in a student’s academic and professional journey. View our list of profiles for all endowed scholarships here . Donate to Scholarships Endowed by Individuals and the General Fund > Donate to Scholarships Endowed by Sections or Regions > For donations of securities, contact the Board of Trustees treasurer at treasurer.trustees@swe.org To mail your donation to SWE Endowed Scholarships, please note the individual scholarship name on the check and mail to: SWE Endowment Fund, Inc. 500 Westover Drive, #15679 Sanford, NC 27330 Endow a Scholarship Create a lasting legacy by endowing a scholarship in your name or in honor of someone special. The Society of Women Engineers – Endowment Fund Incorporated is managed by SWE’s Board of Trustees. With a minimum gift of $25,000, you can establish an endowment in your name or that of a loved one. Please review the following about SWE Endowed Scholarships: To cover ongoing administrative and investment costs, a one-time fee of $2,500 is suggested in addition to the endowed principal of any gift. Selection criteria are used to identify the pool of candidates for each scholarship. An endowed gift is maintained in perpetuity, and spending is based on revenues generated from the investment of the original gift amount plus donations to the general scholarship fund. On an initial endowment of $25,000, SWE distributes $1,000 scholarships each year after the endowed funds have been invested for at least one fiscal year. If a gift over $25,000 is made, the amount available for distribution is proportionally higher. In many cases, an individual elects to endow a scholarship in their name through a bequest, or a scholarship is endowed in honor of an individual by family members and friends. Once an endowed scholarship is established, SWE-EFI includes their biographical information on the SWE website. Please review the links below to learn more. Gold Criteria Form With Expanded Criteria For individuals or organizations endowing $125,000+ Silver Criteria Form With Standard Criteria For individuals or organizations endowing between $25,000 to $124,999. Section Endowed Criteria Form For SWE Sections endowing $25,000+ Estate Planning Criteria Form For individuals wishing to endow a scholarship via their estate. Endowed Scholarship Profiles Endowed Scholarship FAQ In making any endowed scholarship gift, please include the legal name of SWE-EFI and our EIN: 20-2761991. Please contact the SWE Board of Trustees scholarship liaison via email at endowedscholarships@swe.org for more information on endowing scholarships. View Our FAQ > Partner With Us Sponsoring the SWE scholarship program is an impactful way for companies to demonstrate their commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion in the engineering and technology sectors. By supporting this program, your organization can play a vital role in developing the next generation of skilled women engineers. Benefits of Sponsoring SWE Scholarships Talent Pipeline: Gain access to a pool of highly skilled, accomplished candidates pursuing ABET-accredited academic degrees in engineering and technology Brand Visibility: Enhance your company’s visibility within the engineering community through recognition on SWE’s platforms and events. Community Impact: Showcase your corporate social responsibility by supporting educational opportunities and career development for women in STEM. Partnering with SWE as a corporate sponsor is easy and rewarding. Learn how your organization can partner with SWE scholarships by contacting Sohn Cook. Tweet Share Share 0 Shares Office 130 East Randolph Street, Suite 3500 • Chicago, IL 60601 • 1.312.596.5223 • hq@swe.org Legal © Society of Women Engineers. 2026. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy . For unresolved issues, please contact SWE’s Ombudsman . Social Facebook X Twitter Vector Linkedin Instagram Youtube Scroll to top Scroll to top