Frequently asked questions - Giving - Wayne State University Skip to site menu Skip to page menu Skip to main content Wayne State University Warrior strong Login Search Search: Search Giving Giving Ways to give Our priorities Your impact About us University-Wide Philanthropy Menu Give now Main Menu Ways to give Our priorities Your impact About us University-Wide Philanthropy Frequently asked questions WSU Foundation Our staff Career opportunities Give now home About us Frequently asked questions Frequently asked questions Giving How do I make a gift to Wayne State University? Make a gift online. Or a check made payable to Wayne State University may be mailed to: Wayne State University Gift Processing Academic/Administration Building 5700 Cass Ave., Suite 1200 Detroit, MI 48202 Can I support a specific school or program at Wayne State University? Gifts may be designated to any school, college or program area of interest to you. Gift officers represent each of the university's schools and colleges and are happy to speak with you. Find out who to contact. Or you can make a gift online and designate the specific area you wish to support. I received a call from a Wayne State student. Why did the student call me? Wayne State University has a call center that employs current students who reach out to alumni, parents, friends and graduating seniors year-round in support of university initiatives. The Digital Philanthropy Center's mission is to increase annual giving participation and share information about campus programs. Student callers are committed to encouraging support for the Wayne State experience for the benefit of students today and tomorrow. Learn more about the Wayne State University Digital Philanthropy Center . How do I include Wayne State University in my will or trust? Contact your legal advisor to designate Wayne State University as a beneficiary in your will or trust, and then notify our Planned Gifts team at 313-577-8346. A number of gift planning vehicles are available to fit your estate plan. Learn more about planned gifts. How do I make a gift of personal property? Gifts of personal property such as real estate and other valuable personal assets may be donated to Wayne State University. To do so, contact our Planned Gifts team at 313-577-8346. Learn more about gifts of real estate or personal property, also known as a gift-in-kind. What is a matching gift? Many employers have a matching gift program that will match charitable contributions made by their employees. These gifts can double or triple the amount of your gift. Contact your human resources office to find out if your employer will match your gift to Wayne State University. Is my gift to Wayne State University tax deductible? You may deduct charitable contributions of money or property to Wayne State University if you itemize your deductions. Always consult with a qualified advisor on questions of fair market value and other tax considerations. How do I make a gift in memory or in honor of someone? Visit the university's online giving page to make a gift in memory or in honor of someone. The university is pleased to send notification of tribute gifts when you include the recipient's name and address with your gift. Contact gift processing at 313-577-2263 between 8:30 a.m. and 5 p.m. Monday through Friday or send an email to fundoffice@lists.wayne.edu if you have questions. Scholarships and endowments How do I establish a scholarship? Scholarships may be given annually or endowed in perpetuity. An annual scholarship is established with a pledge of $7,500, payable over three years, in the amount of $2,500 annually, and it may be renewed. An endowed scholarship is established with a gift of $25,000, or more, and can be paid over five years. Contact a representative from the Division of Development and Alumni Affairs for more information. What is an endowed fund? An endowed fund at Wayne State University exists in perpetuity for the purposes determined by the donor. An endowed fund is established with a minimum gift of $25,000. The invested principal of the endowed fund is never spent, and earnings support the purpose designated by the donor. Learn more about endowed gifts and the Wayne State University endowment . My information How do I find out about my giving history at Wayne State University? Please call 313-577-2263 to speak to a gift processing representative or email fundoffice@lists.wayne.edu . Office hours are 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. How do I get a tax receipt for my gift? Please call 313-577-2263 to speak to a gift processing representative or email fundoffice@lists.wayne.edu . Office hours are 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. I established a fund at Wayne State University. How do I get current information about it? Donors who have established an endowed fund at Wayne State University receive an annual report on their investment. For more information, contact Donor Relations at 313-577-8085 between 8:30 a.m. and 5 p.m., Monday through Friday. I am an alumnus. How do I update my contact information? Contact the Wayne State University Alumni Association at 313-577-2300 or visit the complete this online form . General What is the Wayne State University Foundation? The Wayne State University Foundation was established in 2000 to provide a centralized means of encouraging and managing financial support by private sources. The foundation operates as a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation and partners with the university in overall advancement objectives. Learn more about the Wayne State University Foundation . How do I get involved with Wayne State University as a volunteer? There are many volunteer opportunities at the university. Visit the Alumni Association's website to learn more about volunteer opportunities or contact the Alumni Association at 313-577-2300 for more information. My question hasn't been answered here. Who do I contact? Please call University Development at 313-577-2275. facebook x flickr instagram youtube Division of Development & Alumni Affairs 5475 Woodward Ave., Detroit, MI 48202 (313) 577-2275 Privacy and University Policies Wayne State University © 2023